# bredex_with_inmemoryDB

<p><b>Try to create my backend test excercise with inmemory DB still using Hibernate:</b></p>

<h2> Create a job search REST API for 4 requests: </h2>

<h3>1. POST/client </h3>
<p>Register a new client. Required data: name and email (both max 100 characters, and email have to be unique).</p>
<p>Link for the Rest Template (was built by form or similar): <span><a href="">http://localhost:8080/client?name=[[name]]&email=[[email]]</a></span></p>
<p>Response: the API Key (generated by UUID).</p>
<ul>
    <li>Application/json</li>
    <li>Object</li>
    <li>message - String</li>
</ul>
<h3>2. POST/position</h3>
<p>Add a job post. Required data: name (the position's name), location and apiKey (name and location max 50 characters, api key have to be valid).</p>
<p>Link for the Rest Template (was built by form or similar): <span><a href="">http://localhost:8080/position?roleName=[[roleName]]&location=[[location]]&apiKey=[[apiKey]]</a></span></p>
<p>Response: the URL of the job post.</p>
<ul>
    <li>Application/json</li>
    <li>Object</li>
    <li>message - String</li>
</ul>
<h3>3. GET/position/search</h3>
<p>Search jobs with keyword and/or location. Required data: </p>
<ul>
    <li>keyword (e.g. 'java' - if the position's name is 'java backend developer', 'java' keyword should find it, keyword length: max 50 char),</li>
    <li>location (max 50 char)</li>
</ul>
<p>Both data could be stay unfilled. In this case the program shows all the job posts. </p>
<p>Response: URL list with the matched positions</p>
<p>Link for the Rest Template:
    <span><a href="">http://localhost:8080/position/search?keyword=[[keyword]]&location=[[location]]&apiKey=[[apiKey]]</a></span></p>
<p>Response: URL list with the matched positions</p>
<ul>
    <li>Application/json</li>
    <li>Object</li>
    <li>message – String</li>
    <li>urlList – ArrayList[String]</li>
</ul>


<h3>4. GET/position/id</h3>
<p>Shows details the job post of the id.</p>
<p>Link for the Rest Template:
    <span><a href="">http://localhost:8080/position/{id}</a></span> </p>
<p>Response: position details</p>

	Application/json
	Object
	message – String
	urlList – ArrayList<String>
IF your response is an error message, then: 
Response: 
	Application/json
	Object
	message – String
	statusCode – int
	success – Boolean

Further Development Opportunities:
New requests: 
- POST/client/edit -> It allows to set their own data after the registration except the apiKey
- POST/client/delete -> Delete a client
- POST/position/edit -> Update a registered position's data
- POST/position/delete -> Delete a job post

Develop current requests: 
- GET/position/search: searching not only the role name and the location, but also a current advertiser's all posts

To run this code, you need Java11 (with Spring Boot), and MySQL with Hibernate. 
Maven dependencies: Spring web, Hibernate, MySQL Connector




=======
Try to create my backend test excercise with inmemory DB
>>>>>>> a95aa35297412701a3fdfad4e7e0c619839e09df
